Kalimat: "(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all"	
Kalimat: "1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth"	
Kalimat: "1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied"	
Kalimat: "Any number of ex-overseas men could answer this."	
Kalimat: "Black. Had myself nicely planted in the rear seat, and who comes out"	
Kalimat: "Bob Watts was flying it this morning and he had the same trouble.”"	
Kalimat: "But the sergeant turned out to be a handy mechanic. Good mechanics were"	
Kalimat: "Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid"	
Kalimat: "Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all"	
Kalimat: "M.P’s apart at high noon of the same day in the public square at"	
Kalimat: "Master Sergeant Sciples, in charge of the hangar, came along to start"	
Kalimat: "New classes of cadets came to that field. Even one of the cooks from"	
Kalimat: "New made flying cadets came to that field. Lord! Where did they get"	
Kalimat: "Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily"	
Kalimat: "States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a"	
Kalimat: "Such an iron fisted bunch of shovel apprentices I’ve never met. They"	
Kalimat: "The Project Gutenberg eBook of Then luck came in"	
Kalimat: "The betting’s even that the sergeant had planned this moment during the"	
Kalimat: "The instructor was adjusting helmet and goggles, and his silence gave"	
Kalimat: "The sergeant did learn to fly; but he “stole” the flying time, begged"	
Kalimat: "The sergeant was a much abused man. Wartime flying had not used him any"	
Kalimat: "The sergeant’s outfit came back to the States. Air Service wanted to"	
Kalimat: "Title: Then luck came in"	
Kalimat: "Unofficially grabbing flying time wherever and whenever he could get"	
Kalimat: "While the C.O. waited, and the men started the plane’s motor, the"	
Kalimat: "While they were adjusting the safety belts, Cadet Shane came running"	
Kalimat: "accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the"	
Kalimat: "active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project"	
Kalimat: "agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few"	
Kalimat: "agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™"	
Kalimat: "agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,"	
Kalimat: "agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or"	
Kalimat: "airmen are made need not know anything--or much. See the point? You’re"	
Kalimat: "all set to fly alone. Then, that same day, they took the 23 away. The"	
Kalimat: "and came out in language that lay people erroneously suppose is solely"	
Kalimat: "and robs me but my ex-cook, that rotten cook, Shane, and--” There were"	
Kalimat: "any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the"	
Kalimat: "any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from"	
Kalimat: "are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing"	
Kalimat: "array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations"	
Kalimat: "be renamed."	
Kalimat: "by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person"	
Kalimat: "cannot be read by your equipment."	
Kalimat: "certain souvenirs. And at no time did he allow hangar work to cut in on"	
Kalimat: "civilian on her hands. And she’s going to collect a mean problem, too."	
Kalimat: "comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the"	
Kalimat: "considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up"	
Kalimat: "copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue"	
Kalimat: "cubes on a work bench, the sergeant came down in hot wrath, threw the"	
Kalimat: "damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement"	
Kalimat: "editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in"	
Kalimat: "either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or"	
Kalimat: "electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may"	
Kalimat: "even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See"	
Kalimat: "fact that a ship’s action was in question meant nothing to him. More"	
Kalimat: "feller ever did for American honor was lap up French booze and make"	
Kalimat: "flying on the tail end of a rocket were no other means offered. The"	
Kalimat: "for the field inspector, Blackie Milander. He came along and demanded--"	
Kalimat: "giving a right arm for something is nothing. I’d do another stretch in"	
Kalimat: "happy end, the end which was going to be so welcome because he did not"	
Kalimat: "have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition"	
Kalimat: "his hands. Once in the air he merely had to gain the feel of the thing."	
Kalimat: "hold some of its best mechanics. At Mitchel Field they promised the"	
Kalimat: "immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear"	
Kalimat: "instrument board dials, shook and kicked his controls, then turned to"	
Kalimat: "intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or"	
Kalimat: "law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,"	
Kalimat: "license, especially commercial redistribution."	
Kalimat: "longing that an egg like me faces, Sciples. Why, Sciples, this thing of"	
Kalimat: "men.”"	
Kalimat: "methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other"	
Kalimat: "months of his one year enlistment dragged by and he came toward the"	
Kalimat: "much abused one continued to mooch some unofficial airwork. So the"	
Kalimat: "of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project"	
Kalimat: "official flying time and I’m still begging rides like a raw John"	
Kalimat: "on, “this thing that came off half an hour ago, why--” The hangar’s"	
Kalimat: "other cheek. This deal I’ve had handed me by Air Service smells like a"	
Kalimat: "other mechanics, he really knew how to fly before he ever had a ship in"	
Kalimat: "other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or"	
Kalimat: "o’clock period, Lieutenant Black came to the line. The sergeant told"	
Kalimat: "payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project"	
Kalimat: "performed, viewed, copied or distributed:"	
Kalimat: "promised me, on a stack of Bibles, that I’d fly. And have I?”"	
Kalimat: "received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium"	
Kalimat: "remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project"	
Kalimat: "same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when"	
Kalimat: "sergeant and some of his gang that, were they to reenlist for another"	
Kalimat: "sergeant pointed to a plane at the deadline--“well, that same jaybird"	
Kalimat: "sergeant saw red, and spoke in the same color."	
Kalimat: "ships and men now, and I’ll promise you--”"	
Kalimat: "squadron clerk came to the hangar for the C.O. They talked for a few"	
Kalimat: "the day. Sciples was spending this enlistment on the construction of"	
Kalimat: "the game. He told the cadets that he was sore about something but could"	
Kalimat: "the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or"	
Kalimat: "the time being, but he hurled an open can of red paint the length of"	
Kalimat: "the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method"	
Kalimat: "thing that I’ve been up against for three years. And it makes me mad,"	
Kalimat: "time, loved Avros and added acrobatics to his straight flying. The war"	
Kalimat: "to get in dutch through mechanical faults. They’re bad enough without"	
Kalimat: "to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means"	
Kalimat: "toward the instrument--“why, there I was all set to take off with"	
Kalimat: "training field. The sergeant’s interest came back. He stole lots of"	
Kalimat: "trouble. He was our ace of aces at it, too. Shane and me, Lieutenant,"	
Kalimat: "unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the"	
Kalimat: "used to be a bum cook in my outfit overseas. Shane’s his name. All that"	
Kalimat: "violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the"	
Kalimat: "ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To"	
Kalimat: "went wrong in the air. At the end of said time he had located nothing"	
Kalimat: "with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in"	
Kalimat: "with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations"	
Kalimat: "with this pile of wreckage, and I’ll give her a clear bill. Let me O.K."	
Kalimat: "works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the"	
Kalimat: "wouldn’t’ve made good K.P’s. for the wartime _kadets_."	
Kalimat: "wrong with the controls. Bob Watts came along during operations and"	
Kalimat: "years I’ve lived on hope. When I took on this reenlistment, they"	
Kalimat: "“But this time you will,” the lieutenant said. “This school has the"	
Kalimat: "“But, Sciples,” the sergeant said. “It’s the same old story. The same"	
Kalimat: "“By this time next Monday afternoon, America will have one more"	
Kalimat: "“Crazy as a loon!” Sciples exclaimed. “Why you--you don’t know enough"	
Kalimat: "“Damned if she ain’t got me stopped! On the ground here, everything’s"	
Kalimat: "“I’ll have to call this flight off for now. There’re some papers for me"	
Kalimat: "“Sergeant,” he said, “one look at you, you tells me that you haven’t"	
Kalimat: "“That’s O.K. with me, Sergeant,” Lieutenant Black agreed, and walked"	
Kalimat: "“We’ll do that little thing,” the C.O. agreed. “Got a helmet and"	
Kalimat: "“You’re not talking to me, Lieutenant,” the sergeant said. “For three"	
Kalimat: "“now let’s be reasonable; it takes years to make a good mechanic. And"	
Kalimat: "• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free"	
Total kalimat yang mengandung "me": 127	
